"Any fool can write code that a computer can understand. Good programmers write code that Humans can understand." —Martin Fowler
"Testing leads to failure, and failure leads to understanding." —Burt Rutan
"First, solve the problem. Then, write the code." —John Johnson
"Experience is the name everyone gives to their mistakes." —Oscar Wilde
"Java is to JavaScript what car is to carpet." —Chris Heilmann
"Simplicity is the soul of efficiency." —Austin Freeman
"Code is like humor. When you have to explain it, it's bad." —Cory House
"Sometimes it pays to stay in bed on Monday, rather than spending the rest of the week debugging Monday's code." —Dan Salomon
"A ship in port is safe, but that is not what ships are for. Sail out to sea and do new things." —Grace Hopper
"If the highest aim of a captain were to preserve his ship, he would keep it in port forever." —Thomas Aquinas
"Programming is not about typing, it's about thinking." —Rich Hickey
"A good A.P.I. is not just easy to use but also hard to misuse." —Jaana Dogan
"The most dangerous phrase in the language is, 'We've always done it this way.'" —Grace Hopper
"Deprecate yourself. Don't be the go-to person for the code. Optimize it for people to find their way fixing bugs and adding features to the code. Free yourself to move on to the next project/company. Don't own the code or you'll never grow beyond that." —Alex Ewerlöf
"Those hours of practice, and failure, are a necessary part of the learning process." —Gina Sipley
"The best icons are more like traffic signs than graphic illustrations." —Susan Kare
"Writing software as if we are the only person that ever has to comprehend it is one of the biggest mistakes and false assumptions that can be made." —Karolina Szczur
"Becoming a good engineer is about collecting experience. Each project, even small ones, is a chance to add new techniques and tools to your toolbox." —Addy Osmani
"The best thing about a boolean is even if you are wrong, you are only off by a bit." —Anonymous
"I do not fear computers. I fear the lack of them." —Isaac Asimov
"The Human is more important than the technology. Make things more Human." —Steve Wozniak
"Debugging is like being the detective in a crime movie where you are also the murderer." —Filipe Fortes
"Programming languages, like pizza, come in only two sizes: too big and too small." —Richard Pattis
"The tools we use have a profound (and devious) influence on our thinking habits, and, therefore, on our thinking abilities." —Edsger W. Dijkstra
"One person's constant is another person's variable." —Susan Gerhart
"Don't worry if it doesn't work right. If everything did, you'd be out of a job." —Mosher
"We can only see a short distance ahead, but we can see plenty there that needs to be done." —Alan Turing
"Be curious. Read widely. Try new things. I think a lot of what people call intelligence boils down to curiosity." —Aaron Swartz
"Give someone a program, you frustrate them for a day; teach them how to program, you frustrate them for a lifetime." —David Leinweber
"I have always wished for my computer to be as easy to use as my telephone. My wish has come true because I can no longer figure out how to use my telephone." —Bjarne Stroustrup
"Should array indices start at 0 or 1? My compromise of 0.5 was rejected without, I thought, proper consideration." —Stan Kelly-Bootle
"There are only two kinds of languages: the ones people complain about and the ones nobody uses." —Bjarne Stroustrup
"That hardly ever happens is another way of saying 'it happens'." —Douglas Crockford
"Theory and practice sometimes clash. And when that happens, theory loses. Every single time." —Linus Torvalds
"Programming is an art form that fights back." —Anonymous
"Sometimes the problem has to mature before the solution can mature." —Kent Beck
"In handling resources, strive to avoid disaster rather than attain an optimum." —Butler Lampson
"You never finish a program, you just stop working on it." —Programming Wisdom
"The most effective debugging tool is still careful thought, coupled with judiciously placed print statements." —Brian W. Kernighan
"No one in the brief history of computing has ever written a piece of perfect software. It's unlikely that you'll be the first." —Andy Hunt
"An evolving system increases its complexity unless work is done to reduce it." —Meir Lehman
"It's hard enough to find an error in your code when you're looking for it; it's even harder when you've assumed your code is error-free." —Steve McConnell
"A computer is like a mischievous genie. It will give you exactly what you ask for, but not always what you want." —Joe Sondow
"If a furry convention fell into a pit of lava, the world's I.T. capabilities would plummet into the stone age." —Anonymous
"No code has zero defects." —Elye
"A good programmer is someone who always looks both ways before crossing a one-way street." —voiid
"Everyone talks about how social media is bad for your mental health, but what about Android Studio?" —NishFish
"The plural of regex is regrets." —Molly Struve
"Programming today is a race between software engineers striving to build bigger and better idiot-proof programs, and the Universe trying to produce bigger and better idiots. So far, the Universe is winning." —Rick Cook
"Managers in software must write great software or it’s like being a cavalry captain who can’t ride a horse!" —Elon Musk
"If you can't blow them away with your brilliance, baffle them with your bullshit." —Anonymous